0.  GIF = 256, JPEG = 16 million colors, BMP = 16 million colors, PNG = 256 Trillion colors
1.  GIF supports animation.
2.  lossy -  info(pixels) are lost and cannot be recovered,  lossless- info(pixels) are compressed and can be recovered
3.  GIF and JPEG are lossy-compressed
4.  Two things occur, file name is changed as to imply that the file has been deleted and the clusters where the actual file was stored are marked free, not actually removing the data, but open to overwriting any data there.
5.  For someone like us, simply filling the entire hard disk with ASCII NUL bytes will provide sufficient possibility of non recoverable data.
6.  stdint.h is a header file that is used to define ints with soecific properties, because of the different types of systems in world, ints can wary in properties like number of bits to denote a single int, here stdint comes into play to specify exact properties of ints on a system.
7.  using uint8_t and such specific int types in programs helps us make the program independent of the system on which it's running, because differnet systems have different properties for ints, based on system's specificaion.
8.  BYTE = 1 byte; DWORD = 4 bytes; LONG = 4 bytes; WORD = 2 bytes
9.  Hex = 0x4d42, first 2 bytes of a bmp file have this 'magic number' to identify that file to be a Bitmap File.
10. bfsize has the info about number of bytes the file is. bisize has the info of the number of bytes BITMAPINFOHEADER has.
11. when we have negative height it signifies that the bmp file is such that the top left corner of the image will come first in the files binary code.
12. biBitCount, member of BITMAPgit INFOHEADER has the info regarding how many bits there must be in a single pixel.
13. fopen may return NULL when the OS is not able to provide enough space to c, or when the user does not have access to create a file in that directory.
14. the third argument of fread() in our code is always 1 because we have defined structs such that their sizes help us to read directly a whole header at once.
15. It will assign padding with a value of 3.
16. fseek() is used to move the cursor in the file by some specific places from a specific location in file.
17. its used as an argument in fseek() returning an int that gives us the current location of the cursor.
18. Rick Astley
